<p>The rope chaffed at my wrists as I half-stumbled, half-stepped down the stairs to the keep dungeons, propelled by the shoves of the mute city watch. Spiraling down and deeper, my hopes of making my way out plummet farther with each step. I am aware of the decreasing possibility of sneaking my way back up these steps without encountering a patrolling watchman as much as I am aware of the increasing amount of dirt, stone, and bedrock between me and the haven of the port city's alleyways and shadows cast by flickering streetlamps.</p>
<p>I've had many lessons describing the details of the prison's weaknesses, lessons that might have assured me enough to drive away the chills running down my neck if not for the fact that such weaknesses were so few and far between. Ever since the city watch, unsettling with their scarred throats and voiceless expressions, had come under the funding of the heretics that practically run the city now, their security has been improved tenfold, particularly in the area of anti-magic wards. Back at the guild I know a few scoundrels who had escaped from here before, but that was before the humans came with their savior complexes and higher-than-thou attitudes.</p>
<p>All I need to do is retrieve the artifact, then I'm out.</p>
<p>The revolution had acquired some "ammunition" towards our unwanted dictators, but soon after our base of operations was cracked down upon. Some suspect a rat, but many more are of a mind to focus on next steps, which is why I'm here, trudging over cold, unforgiving stone with an unreachable itch just below my right shoulder blade.</p>
<p>I rotate my shoulder uncomfortably as I'm led past rows of cells upon cells, some containing familiar faces, though not necessarily friendly ones. Some contain the disgruntled look of war heroes fallen from grace and memory. Others hide the quiet-types. I'll have to look out for those; I avert my attention as one flits their gaze above the rim of their book to catch me staring. Some cells don't have bars, where instead there are simply banded iron doors with slots for meager meal trays. The thought crosses my mind that these could either be where disciplined prisoners are sent, or could be that they were made special for a more sinister type of criminal.</p>
<p>"The city would be much more diverse if these folks were topside," I lean my head back to flash my teeth at one of the Watch. "Ever wonder if there's a reason why the tourists and travelers are always the ones who have the tendency towards disagreeing with your sponsor's rules?"</p>

